Wait!
It's all right.
You are the only one who knows about this.
When will you be released?
What is the purpose of your visit?
I have no business with you.
It depends on the 140 emperors' rule
The serves are handed down as timber
You're given a piece of land
Take a Education
Return your freeze-dried land
crush your hands
such as snakes
I feel very crossing and counting on you.
I must not come here again if you already leave.
Oko-别 societal duties are only above piety and
much above seems but what are we here for?
I am theanding minstrel who serves you from head to toe.
있으면 좌우blowing
Is that a blowing sound, Sir?
But the rumors are spreading all over China.
No, no, no.
People who think that the name is the same as the name of the country
are wrong.
That is my grandfather, the one with the flower.
And then there is the one with the two big eyes,
the one with the golden hair, the one with the golden hair.
If you think that, you are wrong.
You are wrong.
I am the one who continues after that.
I am a man who is useless in the world of Udo.
But if you are weak, you can avoid it.
If you are strong, you can go over there.
I was lucky to be able to go to the river and get a good look.
I am not a weak man.
I am a man who is not weak, but is strong.
I am a man who is not weak.
I am a man who has been raised by the man who raised the Yashihara-suzume.
I will always be there.